Work Location
New York (hybrid); Remote
Expected duration
3 \- 6 months
Duties and Responsibilities
The United Nations Secretary\-General is responsible for the investment of the assets of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (UNJSPF). The Secretary\-General has delegated this responsibility to the Representative of the Secretary\-General for the investment of the assets of the UNJSPF (RSG). The RSG heads the Office of Investment Management (OIM), which manages approximately $100\+ billion multi\-asset class, global investment portfolio, about 80% of which is actively managed in\-house. Asset classes under management comprise global equities, fixed income, foreign exchange, private equity, real estate, infrastructure, timber and commodities. OIM’s staff are all based in New York but come from over 40 countries. For more information please visit OIM's website at https://oim.unjspf.org/. This internship is located in the Enterprise Programme \& Vendor Management (EPVM) unit of the Strategic Management Office (SMO) section of OIM. The SMO operates at the enterprise level, promotes organizational development, and ensures alignment with both short\- and long\-term goals. The EPVM unit purpose is to help execute strategic goals, ensuring that the OIM program of work is fully aligned with OIM’s overall purpose, mission, vision and values. The intern reports to the Vendor Management team. The intern will support the team in strengthening and further maturing the Enterprise Vendor Management (EVM) framework, as well as collecting and analyzing relevant data in order to provide actionable insights. Tasks will include: • Review and update all EVM SOPs and templates to ensure they are current and comprehensive. • Assist in processing and documenting financial requests related to invoices, budget, shopping carts, purchase orders, and auxiliary reconciliation exercises • Review existing manual processes related to invoices, vendors, contracts and procurement coordination, and propose automated solutions leveraging technology (e.g. Microsoft Power Automate, ServiceNow, etc). • Assist in analyzing EVM data (e.g., vendor, contract, financial data) to develop BI reports to track KPIs and produce functional dashboards that support informed strategic decision\-making. • Propose updates to the SharePoint site and folder structure to organize and classify files, and assist in migrating data from old PMO/VMO SharePoint sites. • Propose updates to the team’s Intranet page to improve transparent and clear communication of our roles and responsibilities
Qualifications/special skills
Applicants must meet one of the following requirements: (a) be enrolled in, or have completed, a graduate school programme (second university degree or equivalent, or higher); (b) be enrolled in, or have completed, the final academic year of a first university degree programme (minimum bachelor’s degree or equivalent). Applicants who have graduated as defined in (a) or (b) above, if sel