Internship \- Learning \& People Development



September 2026



Are you a (graduate) student with a passion for people development? Are you looking for an internship in an international environment where you can truly make an impact? Then this could be the internship for you.



HEINEKEN is looking for you!



Every day we work with pride on our great products that you have certainly had in your hand at a party, during a work meeting or at home on the couch. HEINEKEN is much more than just beer. We actively work to create a pleasant work environment where everyone feels respected and has equal opportunities. Your personality, knowledge and skills are the success of our organization.


The internship



HEINEKEN is currently transitioning towards a more strategic Head Office, with a strong focus on strengthening teams, ways of working, and future‑ready capabilities. Within the Learning \& People Development team, we actively support the business on this journey by enabling leaders, developing skills, and fostering effective collaboration across the organization. As an intern, you will support these efforts and contribute to initiatives that help teams and employees grow and adapt in a changing environment.


As a Learning \& People Development intern, you are a true all‑rounder. You will support the team on topics such as leadership and skill development, onboarding, team development initiatives, diversity, equity \& inclusion, and health \& wellbeing. You will work on multiple projects simultaneously and collaborate with a wide range of colleagues, giving you broad exposure and a steep learning curve.



You will also play an important role in communicating our learning and development offer to employees. With your creativity, you will help design internal activation campaigns and bring our leadership programmes, team development initiatives and skills trainings to life. You will be a key point of contact for employees regarding L\&D; and help ensure new colleagues get the best possible start at HEINEKEN through our onboarding programme. In addition, you will support the translation of the global Diversity, Equity \& Inclusion strategy to Head Office through the organisation of events and activities.



Overall, you will have a visible impact on the employee experience and on how colleagues perceive the People function.



The internship is based at the HEINEKEN Head Office in the centre of Amsterdam. You are expected to start on 1 September 2026 for a duration of five months.



During your internship, you will get to know HEINEKEN well, both within and beyond your own team. We give you trust and freedom, encourage fresh ideas, and provide the guidance that fits your learning needs.



The department



The Learning \& People Development Team consists of a Learning \& People Development Lead, a People Data Specialist, 2 Learning \& People Development Specialists and an Employability Lead. You will join the team together with another intern sta