As a Creative Production Intern at Afura, you’ll support the Marketing \& Communications Manager in bringing a variety of AW26 projects and campaigns to life, from photo shoots and events to brand collaborations, promotions, PR, and more. Join our passionate team in Amsterdam and gain hands\-on experience in a dynamic, omni\-channel fashion retail environment.
  
Duration
  
Full time for 6 months, from September 2026 until February 2027
  
Tasks
  
Daily preparing, shooting, editing and uploading of product shots for e\-commerce
  
Content creation and editing for various channels (socials, webshop, promotions etc.)
  
Research and experiment with new, creative ways to get our messages across
  
Copywriting for blogs, newsletters and product descriptions
  
Supporting the creation and execution of campaigns, projects and events (designing invites and print assets, event photography, campaign shoots etc.)
  
Help managing partnerships and PR
  
Creating and managing stock levels of branded store assets (gift wrapping, bags, stickers etc.)
  
Assisting our team with day\-to\-day tasks
  
You Are
  
A 3rd or 4th year student in a relevant, creative field
  
In possession of extensive knowledge of photography, video and graphic design
  
Skilled with Adobe; Indesign, Photoshop, Illustrator
  
Highly interested in retail, design and the fashion industry
  
Organised, attention to detail, hands\-on mentality and thriving in a small team
  
Amsterdam\-based
  
(nice to have)
  
Strong in Dutch and English writing
  
In possession of a laptop
  
In possession of a driver's license
  
Perks
  
Gain hands\-on experience within a dynamic, creative, omni\-channel fashion retail business
  
Learn how to play a crucial role in all kinds of projects, from concept to execution
  
A passionate team where we all work together, supporting personal talent where we can
  
Monthly internship compensation and employee discount
  
Good (warm) lunch and the occasional Friday drinks
  
Sounds like you?
  
We’d love to hear from you! Send us your motivation letter and resume.
  
We’re open to using AI to work smarter. But when it comes to job applications, we’d really love to get to know YOU. That’s why we encourage you to write your application yourself. A bit of personality and a few imperfections are what make you stand out.