Work Location
This internship is designed to be full\-time and to be conducted in\-person. The modality may be adjusted (remote or hybrid, part\-time) depending on the situation of the successful candidates.
Expected duration
3 months
Duties and Responsibilities
The Intergovernmental Affairs intern will support the General Assembly Affairs Branch of the General Assembly and ECOSOC Affairs Division, which serves as the technical secretariat for a number of intergovernmental bodies at United Nations Headquarters. In this context, the division seeks motivated interns to support its work. This internship is designed to be full\-time and to be conducted in\-person. The modality may be adjusted depending on the situation of the successful candidates. Responsibilities Interns report to full\-time professional staff and will focus on the following work areas, as assigned: AREA 1: INTERGOVERNMENTAL RESEARCH, DATA SCIENCE \& COMPUTER SCIENCE \- Conduct research on intergovernmental procedure and practice of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council and their subsidiary bodies; \- Support the tracking of intergovernmental activity in assigned bodies and maintain the related data sets; and \- Support the development of the procedure data model and assist with the integration of reporting tools and technologies. \- Have a basic understanding of computer programming, database management, and familiarity with data visualization tools is desirable AREA 2: INTERGOVERNMENTAL SERVICES \- Assist in the preparation of procedural scripts for meetings, and undertake other preparatory tasks; \- Attend and summarize discussions held in meetings; \- Assist with logistics during meetings, including interactive presentations and assisting with the list of speakers; and \- Contribute to the preparation of talking points, and other papers and briefing materials. AREA 3: PROJECT MANAGEMENT \- Support the day\-to\-day management of internal databases, including in user acceptance, quality assurance and change management processes; \- Support issue management related processes and prepare related correspondence; \- Assist in the formulation of project related strategies and policies; and \- Prepare meetings with different internal stakeholders. Competencies Professionalism: Ability to demonstrate a high level of concentration. Ability to work under stress. Shows pride in work and in achievements; demonstrates professional competence; is conscientious and efficient in meeting commitments, observing deadlines and achieving results; shows persistence when faced with difficult problems or challenges; remains calm in stressful situations. Interns must have a demonstrated ability to successfully interact with individuals of different cultural backgrounds and beliefs, which include willingness to try and understand and be tolerant of differing opinions and views. Communication: Speaks and writes clearly and effectively; listens to others, correctly interprets messages fr