MucoCept\-CVN Study
  

UCSF is conducting an NIH\-funded first\-in\-human phase 1 clinical trial testing safety, colonization, acceptability and clearance of a live biotherapeutic product (MucoCept\-CVN) for the prevention of HIV.
  

MucoCept\-CVN contains Lactobacillus bacteria that are naturally found in a healthy vagina and were genetically modified to Lactobacillus jensenii 1153\-1666 which secretes an antiviral protein called cyanovirin designed to prevent HIV. When these bacteria live and grow in the vagina, they reproduce the built\-in antiviral protein. The study is assessing the use of up to three doses of MucoCept\-CVN in 12 participants.  

  



The SF\-based clinical research coordinator will perform independently and act as the primary recruiter for a clinical research study. As directed by the principal site Investigator, the clinical research coordinator will screen, enroll, and conduct all study visits. S/he will support the overall study with data management, generating reports, specimen collection and transportation, IRB requests, and coordinates the work of the nurse practitioner and study interns.  

  



Further, the clinical research coordinator will act as intermediary between UCSF and the study sponsor DAIDS,
  

coordinate staff work schedules, assist with training of interns, help assure compliance with all relevant regulatory agencies; oversee study data integrity; implement and maintain periodic quality control procedures; maintain all regulatory documents; report study progress to investigators; and perform other duties as assigned.  

  



This position is in the Department of Obstetrics, Gynecology, \& Reproductive Sciences (ObGyn \& RS), a major
  

academic department in the School of Medicine committed to providing quality health care services, educating
  

health care providers and investigators, and conducting research to advance knowledge in our field. The
  

Department is nationally recognized for research and training in women’s health care specialties. This position is based at the Department’s San Francisco General Hospital (SFGH) Division, a large teaching, research, and clinical site. The SFGH Division of Ob\-Gyn \& RS is home to \~40 faculty, 8 non\-faculty academics, and 110 staff; fellows, residents, and other trainees; and the Bixby Center for Global Reproductive Health. The SFGH division has an annual budget of over $70M. Our mission in the SFGH Division of Ob\-Gyn \& RS is to promote justice, quality, and equity in women's health care. We seek to eliminate barriers to good health for women in San Francisco and around the world. We are committed to building and supporting a diverse and inclusive workplace and strive to understand and address the impact of structural inequities on sexual and reproductive health.  

  



This position is an integral part of the Bixby Center for Global Reproductive Health which is situated within the
  

ZSFG Division of Ob\-Gyn \& RS. The Bixby Center leads re