Org. Setting and Reporting
This post is located in the Office of the Assistant Secretary General for Peacebuilding and Peace Support, Office of the Department of Political and Peacebuilding Affairs and the Department of Peace Operations. The selected candidate will report to the Director and Deputy Head of the Peacebuilding and Peace Support Office.
Responsibilities
Within delegated authority, the Gender Affairs Officer will be responsible for supporting an integrated approach to WPS across the Peacebuilding and Peace Support Office, by undertaking the following duties: • Provides strategic and technical advice on gender equality and WPS to PBPSO on issues pertaining to SSR, DDR, justice, and corrections. • Coordinate and collaborate with the PBPSO Gender Advisor on peacebuilding including by developing and implementing an integrated strategy to advance gender equality and promote the WPS agenda within PBPSO. • Leads the WPS Facility for justice and security, including the management and implementation of its programme; oversees staff, consultants, and interns; and ensures that activities align with timelines and expected outcomes. • Analyzes policy, political and related country events and trends pertaining to gender equality within the assigned area of justice and security, with a view to providing advice to the ASG and heads of branches. • Attends senior management meetings, as requested, to brief leadership on ongoing developments pertaining to WPS relevant to the justice and security sectors and to identify entry points for integrating gender into ongoing initiatives. • Deploys, as required, to support gender\-responsive reforms at the country level; provides advice on lessons learned and good practices, particularly in the context of peacekeeping transitions. • Creates policy tools to collect and analyze gender equality data in justice and security, helping identify impacts and trends; provides insights through graphs, charts, tables, and reports using data visualization to support decision\-making, planning, and reporting. • Acts as donor relations liaison and coordinates budget and funding activities, including project preparation, submissions, progress reports, and financial statements; prepares interim, final, and expenditure reports, as well as internal guidance notes on resourcing, monitoring, and reporting. • Supports the development of peacebuilding projects and the preparation of policy and guidance on gender\-responsive justice and security. • Regularly convenes technical focal points at field and HQ levels to advise on WPS issues in rule of law and security areas. • Supports partnerships with regional organizations and international financial institutions in advancing gender equality and peacebuilding efforts of the United Nations. • Drafts notes, background papers, talking points, speeches, and other correspondence for senior UN officials. • Provides substantive support to meetings and conferences, including proposing agendas, i