The Bayshore Regional Sewerage Authority (“Authority”) owns and operates a 16 million gallon per day water resource recovery facility located in the Bayshore Area of Monmouth County (Union Beach). The Authority is currently seeking a summer intern (“Intern”) who is currently enrolled in high school, college, or vocational school. The Intern will assist multiple departments, including without limitation, the maintenance, operations, engineering, and administration departments. A background or strong interest in environmental science, sustainability, technology or engineering is helpful but not necessary. The employee will have the opportunity to see and work in all facets of the clean water industry.

The Intern works up to 40 hours per week from Monday to Friday through the summer, which may be extended on a part time basis through the end of the year. The position will pay $18\-$22 per hour, depending on education and experience, and reports directly to the Plant Superintendent. There are no benefits associated with this temporary position.

The position may consist of any of the following tasks:

Operations Support: Assist with routine plant operations, including monitoring systems and observing adjustments to treatment processes.

Field Sampling: Support water and wastewater sampling activities in the field, ensuring proper labeling and handling.

Laboratory Assistance: Learn and perform basic, safe laboratory testing on water/wastewater samples.

Maintenance \& Safety: Assist with maintenance tasks, cleaning equipment, and inspecting facilities. Observe strict safety protocols and hazard assessments.

Documentation: Assist with data entry, recordkeeping, filling out daily reports and scanning and the electronic file management of documents, including assisting Information Technology personnel with the Virtual Asset Management Platform (VAMP).

Groundskeeping: Assist with general maintenance and cleaning of facility grounds.

Support day\-to\-day administrative/organizational functions at the plant for all departments including:

Assisting in conducting inspections of wastewater treatment and pump station equipment according to established procedures and schedules.

Reading, recording, and calculating readings of meters and gauges.

Assisting with the inspection of pumps, motors, generators, and other equipment for proper operation.

Assisting with scheduled preventive maintenance and cleaning of dry/wet wells, tanks, pumps, valves, and other equipment.

Monitoring the addition of chemicals to wastewater treatment processes.

Assisting in the removal of blockages; replace worn parts; remove parts to be machined by outside vendors; reassemble equipment.

Painting equipment and buildings; sweeping and washing floors, walls, and paved areas; killing and removing weeds; trimming plants; picking up debris; watering and maintaining landscaped areas.

Notifying appropriate staff of electrical and instrumentation malfunctions; assisting in requested r