Work Location
In\-person, New York, USA
Expected duration
3 months with possible extension up to 6 months.
Duties and Responsibilities
Org. Setting and Reporting The United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN\-Habitat) is mandated by the UN General Assembly to promote socially and environmentally sustainable towns and cities. UN\-Habitat is the focal point for all urbanization and human settlement matters within the UN system. UN\-Habitat works with partners to build inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable cities and communities. UN\-Habitat promotes urbanization as a positive transformative force for people and communities, reducing inequality, discrimination and poverty. The UN\-Habitat New York Office reports to the Office of the Executive Director at the UN\-Habitat Headquarter in Nairobi. The New York Office is responsible for supporting the executive, programme and partnership functions of the organization. Interns will work under the overall supervision of the Director, New York Office, and report directly to the professionals on substantive matters and to the Administrative Assistant on general administrative matters. Interns will enhance the capacity of UN\-Habitat New York Office to provide substantive support to the UN General Assembly, to the UN inter\-governmental bodies and assist in the planning and organizing UN\-Habitat’s inter\-agency collaboration across UN entities and UN reform activities. Interns will also support the undertaking of programmatic and administrative tasks as relevant. Responsibilities The intern will have the opportunity of learning and working in a very dynamic environment. • The intern will be able to contribute to in\-person/virtual activities, including Webinars and online meetings. • The intern will also engage collaboratively in research and analysis as well as in drafting and reviewing documents on several topics as well as engage with stakeholders from different sectors and parts of the world. • Provision of general office support such as processing correspondence; maintaining online files and records in SharePoint; taking meeting minutes for events. • Assisting with the organization events and training sessions, supporting with the preparation of agendas, co\-drafting background materials, and meeting reports, providing technical support to the moderator during the virtual event, supporting outreach, preparing summaries, reviewing participants lists and preparing documents to be posted online. • Supporting the research for the preparation of papers and reports related to the work of the office through the collection of data from multiple resources, assisting in reviewing and analyzing data from multiple resources, and researching and organizing information and assisting with analyzing trends. • Supporting staff with stakeholder engagement programme, partnerships programme and participating in virtual and in\-person Headquarters events, as relevant to UN\-Habitat. • Supporting staff with outreac