Work Location
New York
Expected duration
six months
Duties and Responsibilities
Created in December 1 999, the United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNDRR) is the designated focal point in the United Nations system for the coordination of efforts to reduce disasters and to ensure synergies among the disaster reduction activities of the United Nations and regional organizations and activities in both developed and less developed countries. Led by the United Nations Special Representative of the Secretary\-General for Disaster Risk Reduction (SRSG), UNDRR has over 150 staff located in its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland, and in regional offices. Specifically, UNDRR guides, monitors, analyses and reports on progress in the implementation of the Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction 201 5 \-2030, supports regional and national implementation of the Framework and catalyses action and increases global awareness to reduce disaster risk working with United Nations Member States and a broad range of partners and stakeholders, including civil society, the private sector, parliamentarians and the science and technology community. This internship is based in UNDRR's New York Liaison Office which works with governments, United Nations system partners, and civil society stakeholders to integrate disaster risk reduction into intergovernmental deliberations and policy decisions taken at United Nations Headquarters. Interns work five days per week under the overall supervision of the Chief of Office and working with other team members, as needed. The internship will be in\-person with the possibility for partial remote. The tasks will include: \- \- Assist in drafting and preparation of documents; background reports, issue briefs, talking points, articles and presentations linked to various intergovernmental processes taking place over the period. \- Support to Intergovernmental Meetings and Side Events; including event organization, drafting of concept notes, speaker preparation and day\-of support. \- Assist in Research and Data Collection; systematize and analyze information on disaster risk reduction, sustainable development and climate change issues. \- Policy Development Support ;reviewing and analyzing emerging issues and trends related to disaster risk reduction, sustainable development and climate change.
Qualifications/special skills
To qualify for an internship with the United Nations, applicants must meet one of the following requirements: a) be enrolled in, or have completed, a graduate school programme (second university degree or equivalent, or higher); b) be enrolled in, or have completed, the final academic year of a first university degree programme (minimum bachelors level or equivalent). Interested candidates must be pursuing or pursued their degree in areas related to this Job Opening. In addition, interested candidates must: \- Be computer literate in standard software applications including MS Suite (Word, Excel, Pow