Work Location
This internship is designed to be in\-person and full\-time (35 hours) in New York City but can be adjusted based on request by the successful candidate.
Expected duration
2\-6 months
Duties and Responsibilities
This Internship is with the Division for Sustainable Development Goals (DSDG) of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (DESA). The Division provides leadership in promoting and coordinating the implementation of the sustainable development agenda of the United Nations and serves as the global secretariat for the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. For more information, please visit our website at http://sdgs.un.org The Global Sustainable Development Report (GSDR) was mandated originally in “The Future We Want,” the outcome of the 2012 “Rio \+20” conference on sustainable development. Three years later, as part of the 2030 Agenda, Member States reaffirmed the importance of the GSDR and then in 2016 requested that it would be written by an independent group of scientists (IGS). The IGS, appointed by the United Nations Secretary\-General, consists of 15 leading experts from the natural and social sciences, representing developed and developing countries. The next GSDR is slated for release in September 2027\. DSDG serves as secretariat for the Independent Group of Scientists (IGS) mandated by Member States to write the 2027 Global Sustainable Development Report (GSDR). DSDG will hire interns for the fact checking of the report. The intern(s) will report to Chief of the Integrated Policy Analysis Branch (IPAB), DSDG Duties may include, but are not limited to: 1\. Prepare a fact\-checking Matrix The fact\-checkers will prepare a matrix containing all facts referenced in the report including page and paragraph numbers and sources referred to in the report in the text, boxes and figures/tables. The fact\-checkers will use this matrix to check draft text against original sources and confirm reference list. 2\. Compile references for bibliography The fact\-checkers will format all sources into endnotes and also produce a reference list/bibliography for the report using the United Nations Editorial Manual for format guidance. 3\. Draft short research inputs The fact\-checkers will compile evidence on specific sustainable development research topics for use by the IGS in the report on an as needed basis. 4\. Carry out statistical analysis as required The fact\-checkers will compile data and undertake statistical analysis to produce draft tables, graphs and calculations for use by the IGS as needed.
Qualifications/special skills
Applicants must meet one of the following requirements: (a) be enrolled in, or have completed, a graduate school programme (second university degree or equivalent, or higher); (b) be enrolled in, or have completed, the final academic year of a first university degree programme (minimum bachelor’s degree or equivalent).
Languages
English and French are t