The Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine (LKCMedicine) trains doctors who put patients at the centre of their exemplary care. The School, which offers both undergraduate and graduate programmes, is named after local philanthropist Tan Sri Dato Lee Kong Chian. Established in 2010 by Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, in partnership with Imperial College London, LKCMedicine aims to be a model for innovative medical education and a centre for transformative research. The School’s primary clinical partner is the National Healthcare Group, a leader in public healthcare recognised for the quality of its medical expertise, facilities and teaching. The School is transitioning to an NTU medical school ahead of the 2028 successful conclusion of the NTU\-Imperial partnership to set up a Joint Medical School. In August 2024, we welcomed our first intake of the NTU MBBS programme, that has been recently enhanced to include themes like precision medicine and Artificial Intelligence (AI) in healthcare, with an expanded scope in the medical humanities. Graduates from the five\-year undergraduate medical degree programme will have a strong understanding of the scientific basis of medicine, with an emphasis on technology, data science and the humanities.  

The Dementia Research Centre (Singapore) (DRCS) conducts human research in neuropsychology, neuroimaging and biomarkers to advance understanding of Alzheimer’s disease, vascular dementia and related conditions, and integrates digital platforms and artificial intelligence in translational research for cognitive disorders. The Centre offers a dynamic and supportive research environment, access to state\-of\-the\-art core facilities, and valuable opportunities for hands\-on experience in dementia research. Motivated and enthusiastic individuals are strongly encouraged to apply.


This position focuses on Neuroimaging, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.


For more details, please view : https://www.ntu.edu.sg/medicine/drcs and https://www.drcs.sg/


We are looking for a motivated and enthusiastic research fellow to join our team, focusing on Neuroimaging, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.  

The Research Fellow will drive multimodal neuroimaging research in a multi\-institutional dementia program at the Dementia Research Centre in the LKC School of Medicine at Nanyang Technological University. Working within Singapore’s dynamic neuroscience research environment, the candidate will provide research support to the principal investigator and team in the organisation, processing, and analysis of neuroimaging data, as well as integrate neuroimaging, biomarker, and neurocognitive datasets to develop advanced machine learning algorithms for disease prediction and progression in dementia\-related studies. All work will be conducted in adherence to International Council for Harmonisation Good Clinical Practice (ICH GCP) and protocol requirements. This position offers an excellent opportunity to