The Opportunity
  
As a Sales Operations Intern, you’ll work closely with Adobe Sales and cross\-functional teams to learn how pivotal initiatives are operationalized, how sales processes are optimized, and how scalable growth is enabled across Adobe. We set the standard for operational excellence; architecting scalable sales processes and capabilities, building go\-to\-market strategies, and enabling our teams for strong execution. This internship is designed for students eager to develop analytical, business, and collaboration skills in a dynamic environment.
  
All 2026 Adobe interns will be co\-located hybrid. This means that interns will work between their assigned office and home. Interns will be based in the office where their manager and/or team are located, where they will get the most support to ensure collaboration and the best employee experience. Managers and their organization will determine the frequency they need to go into the office to meet priorities.
  
What You’ll Do
  
Support the creation of AI agents and tools for Sales and Operations users
  
Assist in defining metrics, gathering and analyzing data to provide insights that improve sales execution.
  
Support monitoring of pipeline health, opportunity progression, and lead conversion.
  
Help with projects that streamline sales processes and enhance business systems CRM usage.
  
Leverage structured problem\-solving techniques to drive operational rigor and improve processes across Adobe’s sales organization
  
Gain exposure to forecasting, territory design, and quota setting activities.
  
Architect the future state sales processes \& capabilities to drive scale, compliance and agility
  
Partner with Sales Ops, Legal, and Product teams to ensure processes are intuitive, compliant, and aligned with business goals
  
Learn to identify trends in usage and renewal patterns to support retention and growth strategies.
  
  

What You Need to Succeed
  
Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Economics, Industrial Engineering, Finance, or related field, graduating between December 2026 and June 2027\.
  
Ability to participate in a full time internship between June\-September 2026
  
Strong curiosity about data analysis, business operations, process improvement and sales strategy.
  
Basic proficiency in Excel and PowerPoint; willingness to learn new tools and systems.
  
Excellent communication skills and ability to work collaboratively.
  
Curiosity, initiative, and a growth mindset.
  
Passion for digital experiences and cloud technology.
  
Attention to detail and pride in delivering your best work
  
About Adobe
  
Adobe empowers everyone to create through innovative platforms and tools that unleash creativity, productivity and personalized customer experiences. Adobe’s industry\-leading offerings including Adobe Acrobat Studio, Adobe Express, Adobe Firefly, Creative Cloud, Adobe Experience Platform, Adobe Experience Manager, and GenStudio enable people and bus